reorganize docs (#3608)
brimdata/zed: docs/zq/aggregates/countdistinct.md

### Aggregate Function

&emsp; **countdistinct** &mdash; count distinct input values

### Synopsis
```
countdistinct() -> uint64
```
### Description

> The _count_ aggregate function computes the number of values in its input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _countdistinct_ aggregate function computes the number of distinct values in its input.
```
